README.md, before:

# Bouken

ASCII rogue-like 🙀

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RawToast/bouken.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/RawToast/bouken)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/RawToast/bouken/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/RawToast/daibouken?branch=master)

## Controls

The player can move in 8 directions with:

 `q` `w` `e`

 `a` 🐾 `d`

 `z` `x` `c`

The player can attack by moving in the direction of an enemy.

Stairs `/` can be taken in either direction using `s`.

The player can win the game using an exit `e` using `s`, but remember some exits score more points than others.

## Key

`O` Player

`.` Ground

`#` Wall

`w` Shallow water (Slows all actions)

`Z` Enemy / Zombie (Slow moving, durable, and dumb)

`X` Enemy / ??? - (Same speed as player, fragile)

`/` Stairs

`e` Exit

## Deployment

The provided dockerfile can be used to deploy the app using [Now](https://zeit.co/now)

`now --no-verify --public --docker`

## Stuff

* [ReasonML](https://reasonml.github.io/)
* [Reason React](https://reasonml.github.io/reason-react/)
* [Rationale](https://github.com/jonlaing/rationale)
* [BS Jest](https://github.com/glennsl/bs-jest)

Commit message:

Improve Enemy Pathing (#17)
* Enemies use quickest route / suggest move algorithms

* The player can now wait using `s` if not on stairs or an exit

README.md, after:

# Bouken

ASCII rogue-like 🙀

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RawToast/bouken.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/RawToast/bouken)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/RawToast/bouken/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/RawToast/daibouken?branch=master)

## Controls

The player can move in 8 directions with:

 `q` `w` `e`

 `a` 🐾 `d`

 `z` `x` `c`

The player can attack by moving in the direction of an enemy.

Stairs `/` can be taken in either direction using `s`.

The player can win the game using an exit `e` using `s`, but remember some exits score more points than others.

`s` will wait a turn if the player is not on stairs or an exit.

## Key

`O` Player

`.` Ground

`#` Wall

`w` Shallow water (Slows all actions)

`Z` Enemy / Zombie (Slow moving, durable, and dumb)

`X` Enemy / ??? - (Same speed as player, fragile)

`/` Stairs

`e` Exit

## Deployment

The provided dockerfile can be used to deploy the app using [Now](https://zeit.co/now)

`now --no-verify --public --docker`

## Stuff

* [ReasonML](https://reasonml.github.io/)
* [Reason React](https://reasonml.github.io/reason-react/)
* [Rationale](https://github.com/jonlaing/rationale)
* [BS Jest](https://github.com/glennsl/bs-jest)
